Titles, publications, raw publications

A title is an abstract concept for a book. It has one or more authors,
and might be part of a series of books. In the Quelology data model, a title
is at the same time a tree of titles which represent (possibly nested) series.

You can't buy a title in a book store, you can only buy publications.
A publication typically has an ISBN, some cover art, a binding (eg. paperback
or hardcover), a price and so on. A publication always belongs to a title
(TODO: In the long run, it might belong to more titles, in the case when
the title is a  short story, and the publication is a collection of short
stories).

Titles and publications are nicely normalized tables, ie. author and publisher
information isn't stored directly (and thus redundantly) in that table,
instead they are realized as foreign keys. So there's a table that stores
author names, birth dates etc., and then there's a table called
author_title_map which stores pairs of (author_id, title_id).

But that's not how we usually get data from the outside. For example when
importing data from amazon, it's denormalized. So intead of author ids and
publisher ids, that data contains author names and publisher names.
This denormalized data is stored in the raw_publication table.


Attributions

All major tables (author, title, publication, raw_publication) have an
accompanioning _attribution table (author_attribution, title_attribution etc.)
that store links to sources where we got our data from (amazon, isfdb,
wikipedia, more in future). Those tables store the id of the data set they
belong to, a name ("wikipedia"), and a link to page where the data is from.

Attributions serve several purposes:
    * Transparency: the user can find out where the data came from
    * License/legal: some data sources require attribution
    * Pointers to other resoruces the user might find interesting

All automatic data import *must* attribute its sources (even if the source
doesn't require it), and forms for entering data should encourage the user to
add links to pages they got the information from, if any.
